[The episode begins with a flashback. Simon and Betty travel through a mountainous region.]
[Birds chirping]
Simon:  Looks chilly. Step carefully, Betty. These rocks are slippery fellas.
Betty:  Ha ha, what? Water's not too cold.
Simon:  And now I definitely won't slip.
Betty:  [gasps] Dr. Petrikov!
Simon:  [gasps] Well, I've been meaning to test my waterproof gear.
[Both laugh]
Fionna:  We've been walking for miles but I've seen no sign of the Ice Kingdom. And no sign of where to look for a crown.
Cake:  Hey, at least we haven't seen any vampires here.
Simon:  Oh, great, we left monsterworld and ended up in crapworld.

[The group finds their remote is damaged.]
Simon:  Can you use any of this stuff to fix the remote?
Fionna:  No. This thing is dead. Unless we can get a jump, we're stuck here.
Cake:  I could have taken that crown. It's all your fault.
Fionna:  Yeah, it's my fault you're not dead.
Simon:  I'm gonna go stretch my legs.
Fionna:  Be careful. You don't know what's out there!

[Meanwhile, the Scarab is brought before his superiors.]
[Scarab grumbling]
Scarab:  This is a mistake! I need to be out there looking for that rogue universe.
Orbo:  Hey, Scrabby.
Scarab:  Orbo.
Orbo:  You're up, mate.

[Simon tells Fionna about Betty while they sit by a campfire.]
Simon:  So much for art. You did the right thing.
Fionna:  I just didn't want to see her hurt.
Simon:  I saved Marceline by putting on the crown. But it could have easily backfired. And in the long run, I did hurt her.
Fionna:  Was there another way to save her?
Simon:  Well, I don't know. On the plus side, I did get to live a thousand years and meet the Fionna and Cake.
Fionna:  Aw, you weren't trying to find us. You were trying to call your magic space girlfriend.
Simon:  Right. She wasn't always an indecipherable goddess of chaos. She was human once. The most amazing human I've ever met.
Cake:  They still treat me like a house cat. But I'm capable!
Simon:  And she could make the best soft-boiled egg. Not runny, but perfectly jammy.
Fionna:  I can understand why you wanted to see her again so badly.
Simon:  Ah, sorry. Nothing's more pathetic than an old man rhapsodizing about young love.
Fionna:  Aw, no! I'm a sucker for a good love story.
Simon:  Betty and I first met at the library when we both reached for the same book.
Fionna:  You're right, it's boring.
Simon:  Ha, just kidding.

[Flashback to Simon's academic life.]
Past Simon:  And although I wasn't able to locate the actual Armor of Zeldron the Wand of Dispersement or the freaky porcelain lamb I believe they're still out there waiting to be found. Thank you.
Babette:  I touched his hand in the library once.
Babette:  Dr. Petrikov, you can't actually believe that these objects exist.
Past Simon:  I do. We just need sufficient imagination to seek them.
Babette:  What are you gonna look for next, magic beans?
[Laughter]
Past Simon:  Babette! In a manner of speaking, yes. Much like the Jack of legend I'm attempting an arduous journey into the unknown an expedition to find the Enchiridion.
Man:  Here it is.
Past Betty:  Excuse me, Dr. Petrikov?
Past Simon:  Oh, library girl. Oh, you-- You remembered.
Past Betty:  It's Betty. Betty Grof. I was wondering if you could sign my book.
Past Simon:  You've read my work?
Past Betty:  Oh, yes. I was fascinated by the runes on this vase you found. Perhaps the designs could actually be pictographs. A clue on how to find the selkie's cove.
Past Simon:  You know, I never thought of that. I wish I had run into you sooner.
Past Betty:  Ha ha, maybe you should come on this next expedition with me. I was going to leave next week on a six-month trip to study petroglyphs in Australia.
Past Simon:  But going on an expedition to find an ancient artifact with the Simon Petrikov that is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! So yes. I'll go with you!
Past Betty:  Okay!
Past Simon:  Okay!
Simon:  Wow, you'd just met and she dropped everything to go with you?

[Fionna spots Cake running off.]
Fionna:  Cake! Hold on!
Cake:  [hisses]
Fionna:  Cake! Are you okay?
Cake:  Leggo! There's something back there. It surprised me and I whacked it into a corner all by myself!

[They discover BMO.]
[Both yelp]
BMO:  Apologies, cat. I goosed you in the spirit of fun.
Fionna:  A robot!
BMO:  [pants] BMO!
Cake:  Yes. Now, old man, prepare for your goosing.
Simon:  BMO, where is everybody?
BMO:  They're around. Except for Football. I haven't seen her in forever.
Simon:  Does this world have a magic crown? It would grant the wearer miraculous ice powers.
BMO:  Oh, yeah, the Ice King. He lives in the Ice Kingdom.
Simon:  The Ice Kingdom? But where's the ice?
BMO:  Oh, yeah. That's weird.

[Meanwhile, the Scarab pleads his case to Orbo.]
Orbo:  Ignoring our calls. Giving yourself missions. Pursuing your own monomanias. I'll tell ya, you're really whiffing that ball lately.
Scarab:  Orbo, if I could just have more time. I'm onto something really important!
Orbo:  Listen, just be cool. Prismo has made his own secret unauthorized universe.
Scarab:  Prismo? Nah, that guy's cool. He wouldn't do that.
Scarab:  I can get proof!
Orbo:  I don't care. Leave it, Scrabby.
Scarab:  Orbo...
Orbo:  Hey, hey, watch that tone, mate. I'm still your boss.
Scarab:  You're my boss, but you're not the boss. Why don't I give them a call?
Orbo:  Just be cool!

[BMO tells stories about Jake.]
BMO:  And then Jake broke the wind into a thousand cheesy pieces!
[Laughter]
BMO:  Hey! That's my friend Jerry's place! Jerry's cool and tall and makes funny jokes. [laughs]
Cake:  I love this little box.
Fionna:  Yeah, he's so cute.
Simon:  Wait up, BMO! You have any other stories about the "dog" me?
BMO:  Boy howdy, do I.
Fionna:  So, you never finished telling your great love story.
Simon:  It's probably for the best.
Fionna:  Please.

[Flashback continues - Simon and Betty on their expedition.]
Past Betty:  [chuckles] You really thought you could dig a hole all the way down to the devil?
Past Simon:  And I would've gotten there too if a dang water pipe didn't get in my way!
Past Betty:  [hissing] Wait!
Past Simon:  There are snakes in the area. Horned vipers, if I'm not mistaken. I know we should be careful, but it's getting dark soon.
Past Betty:  I can clear the path using a trick my mom taught me.
Past Simon:  Bup-bup-bup! The rod is slow but dependable.
Past Betty:  [shouting gibberish]
Past Simon:  Betty!
Fionna:  She sounds badass.

[They arrive at Jerry's place - the Ice King's old castle.]
BMO:  Oh, honeys, we're home!
Fionna:  Do you think he passed away?
Cake:  Hey! I found some dirty tapes! Maybe it's a clue.
Cake:  Ooh! Butt stuff!
Ice King:  [on tape] Hello, dear diary. Ready to get swole? One...
Ice King:  [on tape] ♪ Everything bagel Right where I left it ♪ ♪ Old-fashioned glazed Smooshed on the carpet ♪
Cake:  Simon, you gotta see this!
Simon:  I'm going to, uh, go look in this other pile.
Ice King:  [on tape, static, laughs] You hear that, Gunter? I put the crown inside my kickdrum. And action. [imitates foghorn] Every night I hear that blasted foghorn moaning like a--
Gunter:  Wenk.
Ice King:  [on tape] You're ruining my vision!
Ice King:  [on tape, crying]
Fionna:  Wait. That's what he was like with the crown?
Simon:  I guess.
Cake:  Any luck? Our only hope is fixing the remote.
BMO:  A remote? Show BMO... I know someone who can fix it! My friend Princess Bubblegum.
Simon:  [gasps] Yes! We can zap to another reality!
Fionna:  Then it's next stop, crown town!
Cake:  Let's hit the road!
[Clicks tongue]
[Imitates whinny]

[Simon continues his story as they travel.]
Fionna:  Are you okay?
Simon:  I feel kinda weird. And blah.
Simon:  I didn't get to tell you what happened after Betty and I got back from the trip.
Fionna:  Did you find the Enchiridion?
[Clamoring]
Past Simon:  I guess word got out.
Past Betty:  Ready?
Past Simon:  I-I'm gonna hang back.
Past Betty:  What? This is your moment.
Past Simon:  But I wouldn't have found it without your help. And besides that, you're... You're...
Past Betty:  Yes?
Past Simon:  ...indispensable. I mean, any expedition would be lucky to have you.
Past Betty:  Yeah...
Past Betty:  Goodbye, Petrikov.
Cake:  This story is sad.
Simon:  No... Don't worry. You haven't heard the best part... yet.

[They arrive at the Candy Kingdom.]
Fionna:  All of this is actual candy? This is, like, one of my top three fantasies.
BMO:  Ta-da! Come in... Cool lab, BMO, but where's the Princess?
BMO:  She's just changing. I will help her!
BMO:  There you are. Help me zip up my bra.
BMO:  Yes, milady!
BMO:  [as Princess] Pardon my late arrival, dear peasants. One is simply helpless without good help around. [chuckles]
Simon:  I don't get it, BMO.
BMO:  [as Princess] I am the beautiful and brilliant Princess Bubblegum.
Fionna:  Great! I'm gonna go eat chocolate.
Cake:  Fionna, no!
Fionna:  I'm gonna!
BMO:  [as Princess] Allow me to explain. [clears throat] One day, everyone was a skeleton. Then Jerry came! Now to business.
Simon:  Hey.
BMO:  [as Princess] This is beyond even my ability to fix.
Fionna:  But BMO said--
BMO:  [as Princess] BMO was wrong!
Cake:  So was Fionna!
Fionna:  We blew it...
BMO:  [grumbling] My office supplies!
Fionna:  [crying] BMO, it's okay.
Fionna:  Simon, I'm so stupid. I'm sorry! Why did I think I could do this?
Fionna:  [crying]

[Simon continues his story to comfort Fionna.]
Simon:  So that was that. Betty and I went our separate ways back to our own lives.
Fionna:  [sniffles]
Fionna:  Why didn't you just call her?
Simon:  I thought it was better to keep it professional.
Simon:  A couple weeks later I saw the book she checked out back at the library.
Betty:  [voiceover] "Dear Dr. Petrikov, It's Betty. I just had to warn you, this book is terrible. It's written as if the author was aiming for an audience of one his own ass."
Simon:  [laughs]
Cake:  Quiet!
Fionna:  Sorry.
Betty:  [voiceover] "Actually... What I really want to say is I've admired your research for years. But during our expedition I came to admire you as a person, too. You're not only brilliant and dedicated but you're charming and fun and kind-hearted. I've been replaying every moment we've shared together. And I think we had something special. I'll go do my own things but I kinda wish I could be by your side all the time and travel the world together. Yeah. Love, Betty. Y.C.P. 5547."

[Flashback - Simon rushes to find Betty.]
Past Simon:  [mumbles] Betty!
Past Simon:  Sorry! Can I speak to Betty?
Woman:  Betty just left. She's finally going on that research trip to the outback.
Woman:  What? You can probably still catch her at the bus stop.
Past Simon:  Betty!
Woman:  Don't make her miss that bus!
Past Simon:  Betty...
Past Betty:  Petrikov. I, uh-- I found your note.
Past Simon:  Yeah?
Past Betty:  You should be more careful with what you put in letters. And where you put them.
Past Simon:  I'm sorry. It was a stupid note. I was-- I was in a weird mood or something. Let's just forget about it.
Past Betty:  Did you really mean that stuff about...
Past Simon:  That's my bus.
Past Betty:  I...
Past Betty:  Goodbye, Petrikov.
Past Simon:  Betty, your note wasn't stupid. It was incredible. I want you... by my side.
Past Betty:  Oh, Petrikov!
Past Betty:  But you really have to stop calling me Petrikov.
Past Simon:  Okay. Simon.
Cake:  Damn, that's romantic.
Fionna:  Yeah.
Fionna:  So you got on the bus with her?
Simon:  Yep.
Fionna:  What? No. No, why would I--
BMO:  The power of love is so powerful! Princess! What if you used my robot heart to jump-start this broken piece of trash?
BMO:  [as Princess] [gasps] Theoretically that could work but it would take the bravest little heart the world has ever known.
BMO:  Behold my naked innards! And the heart of a hero!
Simon:  Could this really work?
BMO:  Don't worry, Finn. I have never failed anything! Initiating.
BMO:  I can feel it working! Yes! Feels great! [laughs]
Fionna:  It's working!
BMO:  [laughs] Whoops.
Simon:  BMO!
Fionna:  We can put him back the way he was, right?
Fionna:  [crying]

[They mourn BMO and prepare to leave.]
Cake:  BMO chose to make the ultimate sacrifice for people he barely knew. It didn't work, but that made it no less noble.
Simon:  Farewell, you little miracle.
Fionna:  BMO talked about that Jerry guy a lot. Maybe we should find him and tell him the bad news.
Fionna:  ♪ Making your way In the world today ♪ ♪ Takes everything you got ♪ ♪ Taking a break From all your worries ♪ ♪ Sure would help a lot ♪ ♪ Wouldn't you like to get away ♪
Cake:  No offense, but do you guys know any other songs?
Simon:  The closing theme to Cheers!
Fionna:  Oh, I know a good one!
Simon:  [vocalizing]
Cake:  I forgot you know that tune.
Simon:  But you lived in my head, so that tracks.
Fionna:  What is it?
Simon:  That was our song. Betty's and mine.
Simon:  ♪ You and me, got the blues ♪ ♪ Though you got your dreams I got everything in you ♪ ♪ And I'll be there Through all the reveries ♪ ♪ 'Cause I believe in you more Than I ever believed in me ♪ ♪ Ooh, and I love you Love you, love you ♪ ♪ No, it's not so hard to tell ♪ ♪ And I love you Love you, love you ♪ ♪ Is it obvious to everyone else? ♪ ♪ And maybe this is Killing part of me ♪ ♪ But it ain't called love Without a little tragedy ♪
Fionna:  Jerry!
Cake:  Ew...

[They discover Jerry is the Lich.]
Cake:  Oh, look! Jerry's real.
Fionna:  Run!

[The Scarab makes his case to his bosses.]
Lich:  Cease. You can't see the boss. But you can make your case to me.
Scarab:  [clears throat] Prismo has let things slide. Small things, at first. A bad wish here, an embarrassing fanfic there and we enabled it. He's a cool dude so we overlook his failings. But there is nothing more dangerous than cheerful mediocrity. Look, I'm not Prismo. I respect your authority. But it is my deepest hope that you will simply let me finish my job.
Lich:  Nice speech. Say goodbye to your legs.
Scarab:  [gasps]
[Telephone rings]
Lich:  Ah, nuts. It's the boss.

[Back with Fionna, Cake, and Simon facing the Lich.]
Lich:  Ice Wizard. So you have risen again. [chuckles] In olden days, I would have rewarded your insolence with death a thousand fold.
Cake:  I think we're not in danger. He seems really depressed.
Fionna:  Jerry's freakin' terrifying! He's called the Lich. The last scholar of GOLB.
Simon:  He must have succeeded in killing all life here. But if there's no life in this world there's no way for us to survive.
Fionna:  Shoot, I was hoping we wouldn't have to do this.
Cake:  What?
Fionna:  You had the crown this whole time?
Cake:  No! Just since the Ice King place!
Fionna:  Simon, you can't change into that super sad guy! There's got to be another way. Something.
Simon:  [growls, hisses]
Fionna:  Wait! Listen! Once Simon puts on the crown, our world will change too!
Cake:  You hate everything in that city!
Fionna:  Not everything.
[Both groaning]
Cake:  And it could change us!
Cake:  Fionna, you're all gonna die otherwise.
Fionna:  Everybody dies! Shouldn't they get to die as themselves?
Simon:  Fionna, I am myself like this. I don't want to curse anyone.
Cake:  Fionna, it's gonna be fine.

[Simon begins the ritual to put on the crown.]
Simon:  Ready to jump back into my noodle?
Simon:  Reveal the path and grant me passage. Reveal the path and grant me passage. Reveal the path and grant me passage. Reveal the path and grant me passage.
Fionna:  Whatever happens next I want you to know...
Simon:  Reveal the path and grant me passage.
Cake:  Come on.
Simon:  Reveal the path and grant me passage.
Scarab:  Thank you, boss. Goodbye, brain.
Fionna:  Goodbye, Simon.
