Finn:  I'm leaving the island.

Finn:  I'm leaving my mom.

Jake:  What a wild adventure, yellow stretching dog.

Lady Rainicorn:  You said it, beautiful baby boy.

[Rumbling]Huh? Huh?

Crowd:  The guardian!

Finn:  Oh, no!

Frieda:  We never should've left the island!

Now we die!

Minerva:  See? You die.

Minerva bot:  By my calculations, you stand a 0.00001% chance

of making it past the guardian.

Can't you just turn him off?

He's here for our protection.

Finn:  If we were tough enough to make it past him,

Frieda:  we wouldn't need him!

Minerva:  But...

But none of that matters,

Minerva:  because you can stay safe right here with me!

Minerva:  Minerva bot, hug my son again.

Mom, listen, I'm so happy I finally got to meet you

Finn:  But I have to get back to my life eventually.

Did you see the simulation? You'd die!

Minerva:  Let's watch it again.

[Tape rewinding]

♪♪

[Indistinct conversations, laughter]

[Bells jingle]

Minerva bot:  Be right with you.

Kara:  Excuse me. Where's the soup?

Minerva:  Ugh.

Minerva bot:  I told you yesterday --We are a toy store.

Kara:  We don't sell sou--Wooh?

Minerva:  Hi, Frieda.

Kara:  Kara.What are you doing here?

Minerva bot:  Hope you didn't come to get the soup!

I, um, I wanted to apologize for everything.

You knew there was more to life than just the islands,

and I --I didn't believe you.

Minerva:  I know you can't ever forgive me, but I am truly sorry.

Don't sweat it.

Finn:  Awkward feelings averted.

Crowd:  Let's have some soup!

Frieda:  And who's this little electronic cutie?

What happened to you?

Minerva:  I grew up, and I learned to accept the Founders' truth.

Minerva bot:  Frieda.

Finn:  The outside world's really cool.

Finn:  I have cool friends.

Crowd:  Yeah!

Finn:  I live in a cool tree house.

Crowd:  Yeah!

Finn:  I go on cool quests.Yeah!

Frieda:  That sounds dangerous!

No!

Minerva:  But people need danger in order to grow.

How will y'all survive when you leave the island?

Minerva:  Leaving the island would destroy us.

Besides, why would they want to leave?

Minerva:  We have everything you could need.

Frieda:  You hungry?

[Snaps fingers]Always.

Finn:  Minerva bot, please show him today’s specials.

Minerva bot:  Happy home burgers with choco fries and our famous cozy banana split blankie.

Finn:  Gimme all them specials in one bowl.

[Munching loudly]

Finn:  Jake!

I'm so glad you like it.

[Munching continues]

Minerva:  If you're not gonna hear what I'm saying,

then look inside my head!

Finn:  Danger zone!

[Zap]

♪♪

Jake:  Finn!

Finn:  I'm okay.

Jake:  Sweet remembrances, bro.

Minerva:  Your world seems so chaotic.

Minerva:  Your ruler's a piece of gum, your friend's a vampire,

you dated a bit of fire.

Your life is constantly in danger!

Finn:  It's my home. It's where I belong.

Minerva:  As your mother, I think you belong somewhere safe.

Minerva:  It's not your responsibility to fight monsters all the time.

Minerva:  Let the grass kid do it --or the vampire girl.

Minerva bot 5, ready the cloud chamber.

Minerva:  Now, be a good boy and get into this machine

so it can juice up your precious essence.

[Gasps]

Finn:  Pftttt!

[Munching]

[Sighs]

Finn:  Mom, not only am I not getting juiced,

Finn:  I'm gonna leave this place and take everyone to freedom!

Okay, sweetie, but I think you'll find

Minerva:  everyone's pretty happy here.

Frieda:  It's true. I'm really, really happy here.

Finn:  Don't you remember your dreams of exploration?

Frieda:  If I remember, I might get...angry.

Minerva:  You should be angry --at me.

Frieda:  Nah. I'm over it.

[Indistinct conversations]Finn: Hey, everyone!

Minerva:  Uh, excuse me.

[High‐pitched scream]

[Conversations stop]

Finn:  I know y'all like living on this tiny island

Finn:  'cause it's safe and chill,

but you don't have to live like this.

[Crowd murmuring]

Finn:  Wait!

You think the outside world is scary?

Finn:  Well, you know what’s really scary?

Finn:  Bees!

Germs!

Frogs!

Crowds!

Ngyuhhh!

No.

Letting fear make all your decisions for you.

[Crowd murmuring]

Minerva:  You! Do you know you have free will?

Finn:  Is -- Is that what you're selling?

Minerva:  You got to --How do you even -- Ugh!

Finn:  How do you even know if you're happy if someone else decided for you?

Minerva:  Follow me!

Minerva:  Don't you want to be able to choose what you do?

And where you go?

Crowd:  Sounds hard.

Finn:  Yeah, but it's also fun.

Minerva:  And boring. And good and bad.

Finn:  Life's never just one thing.

Crowd:  Yeah.

We got freedom smushed up inside our guts.

Crowd:  We want to explore and have experiences and learn new things.

Finn:  Kingdoms made of candy, beautiful dragons, fire‐breathing princesses, incredibly sad wizards --

Finn:  It's all waiting for you across the ocean.

Minerva:  So misguided.

Hey, this guy is great!

Finn:  What are we hanging around here for?

[Crowd murmuring]What?!

Minerva:  I did want to leave the island when I was younger, but --

Finn:  You can leave now. Just come with me.

[Crowd cheering]They're actually listening to him.

Minerva bot:  All aboard!

[Cheering continues]

[Feedback]Patch me into all Minerva bots.

Minerva:  Attention!

Minerva:  For your protection, the entire population of the islands will now be uploaded.

Minerva:  Once the field has reached peak saturation,

Minerva:  Doom! Rrrr! Vroom!the brain maps of every citizen will be simultaneously and preserved in the island chain brain frame.

Minerva:  Say good bye to your meat bodies!

[Crowd whimpering]

Finn:  Mom!

[Whimpering continues]

Minerva bot:  Stop!

Finn:  Hey! There's my boy!

Crowd:  Your cloud is freaking us all out!

Minerva:  Sweetie, you forced my hand.

This is the only way I can protect you.

Minerva:  You're only doing this because I said I wouldn't stay.

Finn:  So I'll stay.

Minerva:  Just promise to stop messing with people.

Minerva bot:  I'm helping people.

Finn:  I know about helping people.

[Zap]

♪♪

Minerva:  Finn, you -- you grew upto be a helper, too?

Minerva:  If your world taught you to behave like that, maybe it's not all bad.

[All screaming]

Finn:  Vroom! Vroom![Imitates tires screeching]

Minerva:  Perhaps I acted rashly.

Minerva:  I just didn't want to lose you again.

Minerva:  But I'll do everything I can to help you leave this island.

Finn:  I don't have to leave...right away.

Finn:  I mean...you're my mom.

[Crowd murmuring]

Finn:  Ahoy!

Now boarding the historic voyage of the humans

back to the land of Ooo!

Oh, you mean right now?

Finn:  I thought you meant, like, in a while.

Minerva:  I've still got some things to finish up.

Frieda:  We should definitely keep in touch, though.

[Crowd murmuring]

Minerva:  You can't teach a fish to dance overnight, son.

Finn:  Well, as long as they got the option.

Frieda:  Ready, Frieda?

Ready.

[Boat horn blows]

Finn:  I'm leaving the island.

Finn:  I'm leaving my mom.

Jake:  What a wild adventure, yellow stretching dog.

Lady Rainicorn:  You said it, beautiful baby boy.

[Rumbling]Huh? Huh?

Finn:  Oh, yeah.

Frieda:  Psych!

Frieda:  Ha ha! That's right!

Frieda:  You got fooled by Frieda!

Finn:  Hey, buddy.

Minerva bot:  Aaah!

Minerva bot:  Yaaaaaah...

Crowd:  Aaaaaah...

Crowd:  ...aaaaaah!

Finn:  Huh?

Minerva:  Patching her in now.

Minerva:  Guardian, you have done just a terrific job,

but it's time to stand down.

[Boat horn blows]

Minerva bot:  When do I fire the torpedoes?

Minerva:  Kara, you ready to go?

Finn:  Actually, I think we're headed in a different direction.

Time for new memories.

Finn:  So, where are we going, Kara?

Kara:  I've been thinking --

Finn:  I kind of like "Susan" better.

Kara:  Okay, Susan.

Hmm. Homey.

It was.

Minerva:  Take care of yourself in Ooo.

Minerva bot (Susan):  Be careful when you're eating blueberries.

Too many can hurt your tummy.

Frieda:  Your ship is moving out of range.

Finn:  Is this...really you?

Minerva:  Once you uploaded your brain and stuff, like,

are you still the same person?

Minerva:  I don't know for sure, but I feel like it's me.

Minerva:  I hope that's enough.

Finn:  Goodbye.
