Jake:  Hmm.

Finn:  Whoa, neat‐o.

Wizard:  How do you make it bigger?

Wizard:  My magic skills are seriously drained.

Wizard:  Right now all I can dois activate these thumbnails.

Finn:  Come on, guys.Come on, guys.

Finn:  Let's work the problem.

Finn:  Let's fix Ooo.

Finn:  Come on, guys.

Finn:  I know I'm saying"Come on, guys" a lot.

Finn:  Sorry.It's okay.

Jake:  Hmm.

Hey, if you need help turning the pages, I'm your guy.

I do this thing where I lick my finger,

and then the moisture helps grip the corner of the page.

I wonder if the Enchiridion's been licked

by, like,thousands of wizards?

I know how to turn pages, man.

I wasa graduate student!

"Graduate student"?What the heck is that?

You graduated,but you're still a student?

Doesn't make any sense.

Finn:  Where's the dog?

Finn:  Can the dog do something about this?

Jake:  Okay, I'm a‐comin'.

Jake:  You're wired, buddy.

Marceline:  We've been going likegangbusters since we got back.

[Lullaby plays]

Jake:  I don't got no time for this nonsense!

Finn:  Shh, shh, shh.

Jake:  What are you doing?Are you swaddling me?

Finn:  I'd hardly call this swaddling.

Finn:  I'm just tucking you in.

Jake:  This feels nice.Nice tucking, brother.

Finn:  40 winks never hurt anybody.

[Yawns]

Finn:  Yeah, a dozen top--

[Snores]

The character in the yellow hat (appears to be Finn or a similar character):  Wait! That symbol,I've seen it before.

The old man with white beard (appears to be the wizard/sage character):  Oh, that's great!

The old man with white beard:  I'm proud of you, buddy.

[Gunter squawks]

Finn:  No, not you.I said "buddy" not "Gunty."

Finn:  Jake was right.I feel great.

Finn:  Hey Jake, you were -- holy!

Finn:  Jake, wake up!

Jake:  Where's the rest of the Cloud Kingdom?

Finn:  Huh?Where's Simon and Betty?

Jake:  I guess we must've broken off and floated away

Jake:  "loose‐tooth‐style."

Finn:  Why'd you let mego to sleep?

Jake:  Look what happens when you go to sleep!

Finn:  How're we gonna get down from here?! How?!

Jake:  I can stretch us down.

Finn:  Oh. Yeah.

[Legs stretching]

[Wind whistling]

Jake:  Windy.

Finn:  What the jibbs, dude?I can't even see the ground.

Jake:  Hmm.

Finn:  Hey, let's glide down!

Jake:  Yeah!

[Laughter]

Finn and Jake:  I love gliding!Yeah, Jake, yeah!

[Laughs] Whoo‐hoo!

Jake:  Oh, geez.I got to go back for a sec.

Finn:  What? We just started.

Jake:  Got to go back!

Finn:  What is it?

Finn:  Tell me what's wrong.

Jake:  Emergency!

Finn:  Jake, why can't you just go while you're gliding?

Finn:  We're on a clock here.

Jake:  Hey! Turn around.

Jake:  I can't go with you looking at me.

Jake:  I'm sorry.

Jake:  I can't go when I'm gliding.

Jake:  Feels weird.

Finn:  Just be quick, man.Ooo needs us.

Finn:  What is that?What?

Finn:  It's another little cloud,but this one has a small door.

Finn:  Cloud with a small door, Jake!

Jake:  Dude,face the other way!

Finn:  Dude, it's getting away.

Jake:  Aw, it's hopeless.

Jake:  I got to wait until I can go again.

Jake:  Just have to stop thinking about it.

Finn:  Okay, come on, Jake.You can do it.

Jake:  Come on, Jake.Just stop thinking about it.

Finn:  Come on, Jake.Come on, Jake.

Jake:  Listen, I don't even think gliding is a good plan.

Jake:  We should sit tight,chill out, and wait for Ice King and Betty to look for us.

Finn:  You know what you need?

Finn:  What?

Finn:  A haircut?

Jake:  A haircut.

♪♪

Finn:  Come on, man. We haven't done this since we were kids.

Jake:  Yeah, but I bet it works.

Finn:  I bet it calms you the jibbs down.

Jake:  Hmm.

Jake:  All right.

[Giggles]

Jake the Dog:  Yes, sir, I sure like cutting hair.

[Groans]Mr. Mertens?

I know I'm just a humble scissors jockey,

but you've been coming inmy shop for almost 20 years.

I can tell when you got something on your mind.

[Sighs]

Jake:  I think --

Finn:  I think what'sbugging me is...

[Voice over] The haircuttherapy is working.

Finn:  ...all this elemental stuff happened because I acted selfishly.

Fionna:  Oh, yeah?

Finn:  It's like I'memployee of the month at an ice cream store, and I get someone to cover my shift, and when I come back, the place is burned to the ground and everyone I love is doomed.

Finn:  And now we're up here, and we can't do anything to help.

Finn:  Did I secretly want that to happen?

Finn:  Like, deep down inside,was I afraid Fern would be better than me?

Finn:  And my lizard brain put out bad vibes?

Finn:  I guess the worst part of all is...

Barber/Haircut Person:  All right, you're all done,Mr. Mertens.

Jake:  How's it look?

Finn:  Jake! I was talking about important stuff.

Jake:  Sorry. I always get caught up in the haircut.

Talcum?

Enough calm!

What are you doing?

Jake:  I'm doing something... for Ooo!

Finn:  Nothing we do will help Ooo right now.

Jake:  Don't you get it?I'm worried, too.

Jake:  I've been trying to distract you from all this, but that doesn't mean I'm happy with the way things are going.

Finn:  Jake.

Jake:  Look at all this beautiful blue around us.

Jake:  It's pretty, right?

Jake:  But you know what I've been thinking?

Jake:  What if we're dead?

Jake:  I didn't say it because I didn't want to worry you.

Jake:  I'm the big brother, so I'msupposed to keep it together.

Jake:  And, okay, say I'm wrong about being dead.

Jake:  Here's the best case scenario --my kids are candy zombies.

Jake:  And Lady is made out of taffy or something!

[Sighs] I've got so many things

Finn:  to worry about you don't even know.

Finn:  I try to keep my worries hidden,but where does that send them?

Finn:  To my kidneys?

Finn:  That can't be good.

Jake:  Snip, snip.

Jake:  Being stuck on a cloud isn't so bad.

Finn:  It's weird, but we've gotten out of weirder situations, right?

Jake:  Right.Do you want the back tapered?

Finn:  No, no thanks.

Finn:  Fade?No fade.

Jake:  I feel a lot better now, thanks.

Jake:  That'll be $6.50.

Finn:  Here's 7 bucks.

Jake:  You're too generous.Here, take it, young man.

Finn:  ‐No, sir, please.‐I'll put it in your backpack.

Finn:  Please, sir,I have my dignity.

[Both laughing]

Finn:  Well, whatever happens in the future,

Jake:  I know what we should do.

Finn:  What?

Jake:  Open a barber shop.

Finn:  I could get into that.

Finn:  Maybe when I'm 35.

Jake:  It happens sooner than you think.

Jake:  ♪ Time passes like a little cloud, my friend ♪

Jake:  ♪ But don't be cowed,my friend ♪

Jake:  ♪ Just stay positive ♪

Finn:  That's the thing, right?Right!

Finn:  ♪ I'll try to remember not to be sucky‐like ♪

Finn:  ♪ But I'll be more plucky,like the birdies who sing ♪

Jake:  ♪ Tra‐la ♪

Jake:  ♪ Cheep, cheep, cheep,cheep, cheep, cheep ♪

Finn:  ♪ Tra‐laaa ♪

Jake:  ♪ Cheep, cheep, cheep,cheep, cheep, cheep ♪

Finn:  ♪ Tra‐laaaa ♪

Jake:  ♪ Cheep, cheep, cheep,cheep, cheep, cheep ♪

Finn:  ♪ Tra‐laaaa ♪

Jake:  Hey, there's that cloud again.

Finn:  Hey, what's behind that door, huh?

Jake:  It's what everybody's been wondering.

Finn:  Yeah, maybe it'sour way out of here.

Jake:  What's behind the door?

Finn:  It's... a cloud restroom.

Finn:  If you'll excuse me for a minute.

Finn:  Don't look.

Jake:  There's a door.

Finn:  I don't care!Don't look in this direction!

Finn:  It makes me feel like you can hear my most private business.

[Urinating]

[Growls]

Finn:  Hey, Jake!It's not a toilet.

Jake:  It's some kind of angler lard!

Jake:  I don't care what it is,I got to go.

Finn:  Wah! What the...?

Finn:  Hey, lard! Lard!

Cloudy:  Go away!

Finn:  Hold on, Jake.

Finn:  It's Super Bespoke Jacket Guy!

Jake:  Since when is it such a hassle just to take a whiz?!

Finn:  Hey, lard, do you mind if I call you Cloudy?

Finn:  Hey, Cloudy, what do you want to eat a smelly old dog for?

Jake:  Thanks.

Cloudy:  Get a whiff of this.

[Inhales deeply]You like that?

Ice King:  This is a bespoke Ice King jacket.

Finn:  You got his ancient man scent?

[Snorts]

Finn:  Go get him, boy!

Jake:  Find the Ice King!

Finn:  Are you being digested in there?

Jake:  Just a little.

Ice King:  Hmph.

Jake:  'Scuse me.Ouch!

Ice King:  Thanks for not digesting me.

Finn:  You know, the way I see it,all this elemental stuff would have happened no matter what.

Jake:  We're actually lucky we were out of town.

Finn:  Nothing happened to us, so now we have a chance to fix it.

Ice King:  Thanks, Jake,that's kind of comforting.

Jake:  I thought of itin the bathroom.

Hey, guys!Guess who's back.

Hmm, did you guys leave or something?

[Chuckles]It's always good to see my bros.

Cloudy:  Ew.

Ice King:  This is our new friend Cloudy.

Ice King:  He really wanted to meet you.

Cloudy:  How did you like your first taste of Ice King?

Cloudy:  It wasn't that great.

Cloudy:  The dog was better tasting, actually.

Cloudy:  Although a little mangy.

A food critic.

Ice King:  Maybe this is what you want, Cloudy!

Ice King:  Go get it!

Jake:  Mmm!

Jake:  Dog. Dog. Dog.

Cloudy:  Oh, there you are.

Ice King:  I made a real breakthrough.

Ice King:  I think I've figured out exactly what we need to doto repair Ooo.

Ice King:  We can use the Enchiridion to create an elemental counter‐spell.

Ice King:  First, we just need to retrieve the three royal jewels from the crowns of the elemental princesses.

Finn:  Easy.

Ice King:  That's great!

Jake:  Finally a legit plan.

Finn:  Thanks for making me chill, Jake.

Finn:  That really helped me out.

Ice King:  Hey, did you guys get haircuts?

Without me?
