[The episode begins in the Tree Fort kitchen. Finn and Jake are eating breakfast. Jake appears blue with five eyes and is much larger than usual.]
Finn:  Hey, brother. Pass me that jam, won't you?
Jake:  Sure.
Finn:  Thanks. So, how is your toast?
Jake:  Pretty good. Funny, though, I can kind of taste the toast's emotions or something. Getting ground into flour and then made into bread really did a number on this wheat's sense of self.
Finn:  That's a pretty hyper-developed sense of taste you've got there. Hey. You seem kind of different.
Jake:  Nope. Same old Jake.
Finn:  You're blue, you've got those five eyes, you're way bigger, and you keep discovering strange new abilities. I think this might be a situation.
Jake:  Where's this coming from? [stretches] Whoops! Tuck-tuck. See? Same old Jake.
Jake:  [suddenly transforms] Ahhh!
Finn:  Whoa.
Jake:  Ahhh! Jake is a crab! Ahhh! Same old Jake.
Finn:  If you say so.
Jake:  Hmm. I think I'm handling these minor changes pretty well. Besides, a lot of people are different these days.
[Scene changes to outside. Jake talks to Dirt Beer Guy.]
Jake:  Dirt Beer Guy, you're practically a zombie. How are you dealing with it?
Dirt Beer Guy:  Well, I'm basically the same as before. The difference is only physical.
Jake:  So you agree Finn is really overreacting?
Dirt Beer Guy:  Totally. You're the same person as before.
Jake:  Heck yeah! I'm still the same old Jake on the inside.
Dirt Beer Guy:  Wait, you're Jake?!
Jake:  Uh, pardon me.
[A Candy Person walks by and stares at Jake.]
Candy Person:  Oh, dear, oh, dear. That's really something.
Jake:  You know, I think I figured out why I make people uneasy. They're used to yellow Jake.
[Scene changes to Jake with Lady Rainicorn. She is painting him yellow.]
Jake:  Mm-hmm. Lady, that tickles. [sighs] It's okay, lady. Thanks for trying, but I'm fine, really. I love me, too.
Lady Rainicorn:  [barking] Ruff! Woof!
[Dream sequence. Jake finds himself in a surreal landscape.]
Jake:  Ahhh! Jermaine?
Jermaine:  [painting] Ahh, mountain colors. I'm painting this mountain. I think it's really coming together.
Jake:  That's the mountain?
Jermaine:  Yep. I'm a mirror.
Jake:  Hey, who's your friend?
[Joshua appears behind Jermaine.]
Jake:  [gasps] Yipe! Dad?
Joshua:  [playing with a yo-yo] Look at this. I can almost walk the dog.
Jermaine:  Your body looks like one of my paintings. Pretty weird dream, huh?
Jake:  This isn't just a dream body, this is what my body looks like when I'm awake.
Joshua:  Oh. Got it. Ha! I've got it!
Jake:  What?
Joshua:  I can almost walk the dog.
[The dream ends. Scene changes to Tree Fort bedroom, morning.]
Jake:  Finn, you up?
Finn:  Yeah, man.
Jake:  I had a really bad dream last night. So ominous. These images are going to haunt me for, like, forever.
Finn:  Sometimes it helps me if I draw a bad dream in picture form.
Jake:  [gasps] My crayons! [begins drawing] It was a weird scene, all right. Chanting ladies, labyrinths, classical sculpture. And Jermaine was there, too. The weird thing was that he was painting abstract art.
Finn:  So?
Jake:  F.Y.I., Jermaine hates abstract art. He would never paint something non-representational.
Finn:  Maybe he's just trying something new?
Jake:  It's not in his nature. Why would he all of a sudden get into painting meaningless shapes?
Finn:  He's probably fine.
Jake:  Just feels so out of character, you know, for Jermaine.
Finn:  How's the drawing?
Jake:  Just squiggles.
[Scene changes to Finn and Jake playing a tank battle video game.]
Finn:  [playing] Fuelish tank! You are too slow for the Finnosaurus. Give up! Give up!
Jake:  [notices his drawing] I knew I had seen that mountain. [returns to game] Tank boys, you have no hope. Vrrt-vrrt-vrrt! Brrt!
[Scene changes to the Wasteland. Jake approaches James Baxter's tent.]
James Baxter:  Who goes there?!
Jake:  James, it's me, Jake.
James Baxter:  You look nothing like Jake, but I believe you. I just have to ask because I'm supposed to guard the Wasteland. I was just making some beans. Come to my tent!
Jake:  Okay, but I don't want any beans.
James Baxter:  Man! I could eat beans all day, every day.
[Inside the tent, Jake notices a painting on the wall.]
Jake:  Where did you get that painting?
James Baxter:  One day when I was guarding, I saw Jermaine painting it. James was like, "Dang, I like that painting!" And he was like, "You can have it." And I was like, "Waah?"
Jake:  You like this? It doesn't look anything like a mountain.
James Baxter:  I think you're looking at it wrong.
Jake:  Where'd Jermaine go... after?
James Baxter:  He went back to his studio, behind the wall of water.
Jake:  You mean a waterfall?
James Baxter:  No, like the thing I said.
[Scene changes to a wall of water. A Guardian blocks the path.]
Guardian:  Hey! None but the chosen may walk beyond the wall of water.
Jake:  What have you done with my brother?
Guardian:  Who's your brother?
Jake:  Jermaine.
Guardian:  Wow. You guys don't look anything alike.
Jake:  We're practically twins.
Guardian:  Well, I guess you can walk beyond the wall of water. But just this once.
[Scene changes to an art gallery interior. Jake enters and looks around in awe.]
Jake:  Ooooh!
Bryce:  Can I help you, sir?
Jake:  Hey, Bryce. I'm looking for Jermaine. Is he behind that door marked "private"?
Bryce:  No, no, no. Mr. Jermaine won't be seeing anyone today. His wishes for privacy were quite explicit.
Jake:  You wouldn't want to interrupt Mr. Jermaine. He's a brilliant painter.
Bryce:  Yeah, he used to be.
Jake:  Now you got him painting all this nonsense.
Bryce:  I'm just his humble dealer. So many times I've watched him painting, painting, painting.
Jake:  What's really going on, Bryce? My dad told me all about your demon tricks.
Bryce:  Well, now I don't want to say anything bad about your dad, but...
[Jake pushes past Bryce and enters Jermaine's studio.]
Jake:  Bro? I'm here to save you.
Jermaine:  [painting] Hmm? Oh. Hey. I'm not sure if this is done yet. It's hard to tell when an abstract is finished.
Jake:  Jermaine, what's wrong with you? Who's taken away your identity as a landscape painter?
Jermaine:  There's nothing wrong with me, Jake. I just changed a little. You seem like you've changed a little bit, too.
Jake:  No, I just look different.
Jermaine:  Eh, that sounds like denial.
Jake:  No, it doesn't! Come on, bro. Nothing's different! I'm the same! Same old Jake! Completely... normal! [sighs] This looks bad, but deep down, I'm not different. And you're not different either, right? You'll go back to painting landscapes.
Jermaine:  No one is making me do this. I painted so many landscapes that the shapes of the land began to lose their meaning. And the shapes broke apart to me, so I painted them like that. And it's not like my new paintings erase my old paintings. They're both me.
Jake:  Okay. I think I'm starting to get it.
Jermaine:  I like the new look, by the way.
Jake:  'Cause you like your brothers to be crazy shapes?
Jermaine:  Sure. Also, Dad told me you might go through some changes one day.
Jake:  Huh?
Jermaine:  He told me to be supportive. But I would've done that anyway.
Jake:  I wonder what he meant. You know how secretive Dad was.
Jermaine:  Sorry I don't have more answers.
Jake:  Well, do you have any more of these paintings?
Jermaine:  [gestures at his work] The shapes are always changing. Changing is their normal state, like us. Even if we're not changing on the outside, we're changing on the inside constantly.
Jake:  There's some stuff about me that I've been ignoring for a long time. I'm afraid of that stuff. But it's part of who I am. As long as I know the shape of my soul, I'll be all right.
Jermaine:  Wow. You really understand my art.
Jake:  Oh, I totally don't understand anything.
[Scene changes to the Tree Fort. Jake returns to find Finn waiting. Jake has returned to his normal yellow form.]
Finn:  Hey, you're back.
Jake:  Yeah, I went to see Jermaine. He says hi.
Finn:  No, I mean, like, you're really back.
Jake:  Huh?
Finn:  [smiles] Different, yet the same.
[The episode ends.]
