Ice King:  Give me them jewels, Finn.We're out of time.

[Cackles]

Finn:  Now, let's grab LSP and get the buns out of here.

Finn:  Huh!

[Laughs]

♪ Let me hear you whisper ♪

Jake:  Aah!

Jake:  You left my friend Finn down there.

Ice King:  I'm sorry, but we don't need him anymore.

Ice King:  But don't worry,I've got a new plan.

Ice King:  A plan where nothing that happens here matters.

Jake:  Okay, but we should turn back still.

Jake:  Finn loves me.

Ice King:  He sees me as, like,a handsome older brother.

Jake:  Mm, no.I'm doing the right thing.

Jake:  Can't go around it,got to go through it.

Ice King:  ♪ Keep the love‐light glowing ♪Uh... uh.

Ice King:  ♪ In your eyes so true ♪

Ice King:  ♪ Let me call you sweetheart ♪[Screams]

Jake:  Finn, it's me,I'm saving your tight butt!

[Grunts] Whoop!

Lumpy Space Princess:  ♪ La‐da‐da‐da,la‐da‐da ♪

Finn:  Lumpy Space Princess, you were buried in candy and it didn’t change you at all.

Finn:  Why doesn't this elemental stuff affect you?

Lumpy Space Princess:  I'm a tough tranch!

Lumpy Space Princess:  People don't tell me what to do,

Lumpy Space Princess:  I tell them what to do!

Finn:  Okay, but it has to be more than that.

Finn:  Like, you're not from around Ooo, not really.

Finn:  Maybe you're not made of the same stuff as us.

Lumpy Space Princess:  Hmm.

Lumps! Lumps are the subspace molecular lattice

that binds together the scientific and magical

forces of Ooo --more powerful than

any one element,it's the force that

orders reality into its true shape.

Finn:  And, LSP, this part is very,very important --

Lumpy Space Princess:  Grrr!No more learning!

[Car horn beeps]

Lumpy Space Princess:  Hey, Michael!Let's get married.

Finn:  Wait, what?

Lumpy Space Princess:  Michael.

Finn:  LSP, This is important.

Bubblegum:  I think they were trying to tell you -- you're the anti‐elemental.

Bubblegum:  Fire, Ice, Candy, Slime and...

Finn:  Lumps![Gasps]

[Hums]

Finn:  Huh?

The Sky Witch:  I must have dozed off... and bound myself.

The Sky Witch:  Ouch!

[Clears throat]

People say you shouldn’t live in the past!

But I say, "Why not?"

I love it.

Peppermint Butler:  This book is strange, but when you puzzle it out, it's mostly all charges and frequencies.

Peppermint Butler:  Instead of fixing Ooo,

Peppermint Butler:  I can use these jewels to make a portal to take me back in time and find Simon before he discovers the crown.

Peppermint Butler:  Uh‐huh.

Peppermint Butler:  This time I won’t let him put it on.

Peppermint Butler:  I'll drop it in a volcano before that happens.

Peppermint Butler:  Things will be back to being just me and Simon, and you won't exist!

Mm‐hm, mm‐hm.

No more Ice King,no more magic Betty --

Peppermint Butler:  maybe I can even stop the Mushroom War!

[Laughs]

Cool.Now where do I come in?

You're not listening.

My wonderful Simon will never become this sad,

pathetic creature strewn before me.

Finn:  Wait, what?

I thought I could do it,but I can't.

Being with you is like looking at my old life

through a funhouse mirror.

[Laughs] It's driving me mad.

Peppermint Butler:  Goodbye, Ice King.

[Machine whirs]

Finn:  Okay, I think this is a pretty good breakdown of your components.

Finn:  We just need to figure out a way to tap into your pure anti‐elemental essence, LSP.

[Sighs] Don't tell me what to do, Finn.

Finn:  Yeah, like that.

Finn:  Pb is undiluted sweetness now, and Slime Princess has never been slimier.

Finn:  I think you might need to be the most you that you've ever been.

BMO:  You just have to believe in yourself.

Fionna:  I do believe myself.

Fionna:  I'm a blossoming debutante on the war path.

Gunter:  Wenk!

Ahhhhh!

Gunter:  Wenk!

Lumpy Space Princess:  Wenk! Wenk‐wenk! Wenk, wenk,wenk, wenk.

[Purrs] See?

Ice King:  It's working.

Gunther:  Ugh!You okay?

Ice King:  Just relax, you'll be obliterated soon.

Ice King:  Really? Lady, this Simon sounds cool, but I'm Ice King.

Gunther:  I, uh, I guess I'm a special person and I am worthy of respect.

Ice King:  Just -- shh!It'll be over in a second.

Gunther:  Can you turn this off and we can talk, maybe?

Ice King:  Nertz.

Gunther:  Huh.

Ice King:  Boy, did I fail deep.

Gunther:  Well, maybe I'll try again in another 1,000 years.

Ice King:  I'm not sticking around to see how this ends.

Gunther:  Mr. Fox, please roll me someplace safe.

Oh, oh, wow. Okay.

[Grunts]

♪ Overlook the valley ♪

♪ Under honeymoon ♪

Finn:  What if?Oh!

Finn:  We're running out of time.

Ice King:  I am.Glob!

Ice King:  Ding‐dong.

Ice King:  It's me, classic Ice King!

Si‐men!

Finn:  I didn't like being ditched earlier, but if you and Betty are cool now,

Ice King:  you can help us figure out how to use LSP's power.

Finn:  Wait, where's Betty?

Ice King:  Who?

Ice King:  Here, I bet this thing can help you.

[Gasps] It's Gunter!Hey, Gunter! Come here, boy.

Finn:  Okay, fair.

Finn:  Hey, LSP, now that we've got the Enchiridion, maybe we can study it for a way to figu--

LSP:  No more studying!

LSP:  All day long you've been telling me what to do.

LSP:  I already saved your life,so quit telling me what to do.

Finn:  Huh?

Finn:  What's happening?

LSP:  The jewels.

Finn:  Oh!What if your force of will is influencing and attracting elemental magic.

LSP:  You mean these jewels love me more than they love those dumb‐dumbs?

[Laughs]

Gunter:  Wenk! Wenk! Wenk!And you!

Jake:  Clam your face, you noid!

Jake:  Clam your face, you noid!

Finn:  Okay.

Gunter:  Wenk!

Ice King:  My boy!

Finn:  You bossed him back to normal.Don't stop.

Jake:  Uh, I don't think I can.The jelly is out of the tube.

♪ Underneath the mountain ♪

♪ Overlook the sea ♪

Finn:  ♪ I find my sweet friends waiting ♪

Finn:  ♪ And bring them close to me ♪

Ice King:  Mama, Papa!

Finn:  ♪ Close to me ♪

Slime Princess:  Excuse me.

Jake:  Whoop!

Jake:  Oh, blessings, what a trip.

Jake:  Hey, Slime Princess.

Slime Princess:  Oh! Hello, Jake.

Jake:  Uh, did you recently get a haircut?

Lumpy Space Princess:  Unnnh. Lumps.

Jake:  Oh, LSP.

Princess Bubblegum:  Please be careful with yourself.

Lumpy Space Princess:  Ha‐ha, fine, I guess.

Jake:  Yeah, that's all of them!

[Groans]

Finn:  LSP!

[Weakly] I'm a hero.

Ice King:  Whoops.

Finn:  You did it.

She did it!

[Cheers and applause]

Starchy:  Uh, I'd like to date you, LSP.

LSP:  Thank you, Starchy.

[Coughing]

Lemonhope:  Wait, where --Up here.

[Clicks tongue] You really donked up.

Finn:  Finn?Jake?

Jake:  Finn!

BMO:  Oh, my gosh!

BMO:  Come here.

Finn:  What?Over here.

Jake:  Hey, buddy.

Finn:  Jake? Are you okay?

Jake:  Yeah...[Chuckles]

Jake:  You know, everything looks different after a long trip.

Finn:  You and I can fix whatever this is together, whenever.

Jake:  Fix what now?

Finn:  I was really scared when you left.

Finn:  You're my best brother.

Jake:  I love you.
