Ice King:  Okay, fellas.

Ice King:  Using these blueprints I acquired, we're gonna take down Patient St. Pim and rescue my new pal, Weird Lady.

Ice King:  But first, we have to crack through the ice dome that covers the land, avoid the Ice Kingdom peeps who have all been turned into vicious ice mutants, and sneak into the ice fortress without being ice‐detected.

Ice King:  We'll enter via the sewer line.

Ice King:  So, that's the only way in and out.

Finn:  I never said that.

Ice King:  "Can you help Captain Tasty find the hidden" --

Finn:  this is a place mat from a seafood restaurant!

Finn:  And this word search is way too hard!

Ice King:  That's 'cause you ain't got spy skills like me.

Ice King:  With me, it's like,"Who's that hot guy?

Ice King:  The Ice King?"

Finn:  No, it's not.

Ice King:  We're floating above Ice World now.

Finn:  Brr!

Ice King:  I made these sweaters and earmuffs for you guys.

Ice King:  They're bespoke!

Ice King:  And, they've got pictures of your best friend on them!

Finn:  Thanks.

Ice King:  All right, men, we need ideas for how to breach that dome.

Ice King:  It's impervious to my skyhooks, so we either burn, punch,or stab our way in.

Finn:  Maybe there's some kind of weak point or secret entrance.

Finn:  Right, right.

Ice King:  Hmm.

Finn:  Good thinking.

Jake:  Huh?

Finn:  Aaaaaah!

Ice King:  Finn!

Finn:  Oh, my glob!!Okay. Think, Finn.

Finn:  What would Rattleballs do?

Finn:  He would...draw his sword,find a stress line in the dome, and strike like a mighty scorpion!

Ice King:  Don't forget Ice King!

Finn:  Turn into a parachute, Jake!

Jake:  You got it!

[Thud]

Finn:  Whoa.

Ice Carroll:  Hold on. I got somethin'in the pack that'll help.

[Objects rattling]

Ice Carroll:  Now, that's bespoke!

Finn:  I never thought I'd think of the old ice kingdom as cheerful.

Ice Carroll:  Brrr!It's a lot colder now, too.

Jake:  I've got fur.

Finn:  Take my sweater!

Jake:  Whoa![Laughs]

Ice Carroll:  Two Finns!

Jake:  Huh?

[Gasps]

[Screams]

[Breathing heavily]

Ice Carroll:  Oh! [Whimpers]

Finn:  Huh? Huh?

[Sniffles]

Finn:  Oh, I get it.

Finn:  The top one's fake.

Ice King:  Okay, pals.This‐a‐way.

Ice King:  Y'all's in the Ice King's crib now!

Finn:  This is crazy.

Finn:  It's like being at the bottom of an ocean.

Ice King:  Yeah,I'm feeling pretty weird.

Finn:  ♪♪

Ice King:  Snow golem.

Finn:  Ice clops.

Ice King:  "Ice to meet you."

Finn:  Look out!

Jake:  Huh?

[Sled crashes]

Ice Carroll:  What are you doing?!

Finn:  This is my --

Ice Carroll:  This is my house!

Finn:  Carroll!?

Ice Carroll:  Finn?

Finn:  You've been turned into ice!

Ice Carroll:  You better believe it, bucko!

Finn:  You seem in good spirits,though.

Finn:  Everyone else is sad and kind of empty.

Ice Carroll:  I feel great.It sure beats the sky.

Ice Carroll:  Boy, was I ever getting sick of bein' a cloud!

Ice Carroll:  Everyone looking at me,saying things like,

Ice Carroll:  "I think that looks like a sailboat!"

Ice Carroll:  "I think that looks like a bird!"

Ice Carroll:  I'm a woman!Ice Carroll!

Finn:  Who are those other dudes?

Finn:  This is Simon, the Ice King.

Jake:  And this is my brother, Jake.Hello.

Finn:  Do you want to come with us?We're on a secret mission.

Ice Carroll:  Uh, that's really nice of you,actually.

Ice Carroll:  Where are y'all going?

Finn:  We're going to get Patient St. Pim.

Finn:  She's in Simon's fortress,and she's, like, ruined the whole world and all our friends.

Ice Carroll:  Oh. On second thought,I think I'm gonna stay here and draw some elves and stuff.

Jake:  You draw elves?

Ice Carroll:  Yes, I draw elves!It's what I like to do!

Jake:  Aw, she seems a lot cooler than we are.

Finn:  ♪♪

Finn:  Whoa.

Finn:  Your place got weird.

Jake:  Lookin' good, Pengy!

Ice Carroll:  ‐Over here!‐Yup!

[Ice shatters]

Ice Carroll:  It's not a sewer,but it will have to do.

Finn:  ♪♪

Ice Carroll:  ♪ It's a humid night ♪

Ice Carroll:  ♪ The moon is getting full again ♪

Ice Carroll:  ♪ Somewhere there's a slight figure made of paraffin ♪

Ice Carroll:  ♪ And someone is turning its head ♪

Ice Carroll:  ♪ And someone is pulling its leg ♪

Ice Carroll:  ♪ It's maaaaaagic ♪

Finn:  Jake?What's up with you?

[Sobbing quietly]

Finn:  Oh, no.

Finn:  Jake, you have an icicle.

Ice King:  You look like your kids.

[Muttering] My sweater.

Ice King:  Ah, back in my old basement,where it all began.

Finn:  Psst!

Finn:  I don't think this isa basement anymore.

Ice King:  Cool boy says what?

[Clears throat]

Ice Carroll:  Welcome to the party, sir.

Ice Carroll:  May I take your coat?

Finn:  Uh, I guess?

Finn:  I don't know what I'm gonna do with this but, whatevs.

Ice Carroll:  That's them!

Ice Carroll:  The garbage who said they were gonna take you out!

Finn:  Carroll!!

Finn:  I'm sorry, Finn.

Ice Carroll:  I've got a good thing going on here.

Patient St. Pim,undo this mess!

[Growls]

Finn:  Raa!

Ice Carroll:  Cool boy!

[Shivering] Fix our home, Patience!

[Sighs] Even if I felt like it, I can't.

Ice King:  Let me show you.

Ice King:  The princesses and I are the elementals incarnate, but the others didn't want to play with me.

Ice King:  They denied their precious birthright.

Ice King:  So, I cast a mega‐spell that tapped into their true selves.

Ice King:  But the spell worked too well.

Ice King:  Instead of embracing their powers, they were over run by them.

Ice King:  I have distilled them into something monstrous.

[Monotone voice] Monstrous -- like life itself.

Ice Carroll:  Okay, that all tracks.

Finn:  But what happened to Betty?

Ice Carroll:  I used her as a magic battery to power my spell.

Ice Carroll:  My big, dumb spell.Ugh.

Finn:  Enough of your mind games!

Finn:  Tell us where you --Wait, is that shrimp?

Ice Carroll:  Ooh, is there shrimp here?

Ice Carroll:  Ooh hoo hoo hoo hoo![Chomping]

Ice Carroll:  I planned this gorgeous ball and shrimp buffet to celebrate with the other elementals, but none of them came.

Finn:  If you're so upset about this,you should fix it.

Ice Carroll:  Fix it, don't fix it -- the universe is an abyss of suffering.

Finn:  Y'all need to lighten up in here.

[Murmuring]

Ice Carroll:  Brr.

[Chomping]

[Gulp]

[Sighs]

Ice Carroll:  Aah!

Finn:  Weird lady!

Ice Carroll:  Raa![Dishes shatter]

[Grunting]

Finn:  Best‐friends gang, retreat!

Finn:  Ice King's ghosting, man.We gotta leave!

Ice King:  Everyone leaves except me.

Ice King:  I remember father made me stay at the table until all the eggs were eaten.

Patience, let Jake go!

Finn:  Well, that sucks, and I hate it.

Finn:  I'm just gonna take him anyway.

[Sighs] Whatever.

Ice Carroll:  Achoose Goose.

Ice Carroll:  We've lost another friend, Achoose Goose.

Ice Carroll:  There's no point in having friends because everything will...ends.

My mystic soup is great for combating ice magic.

Finn:  You sure put a magical amount of pepper in it.

Ice Carroll:  Nothing's changed since we got you out of there.

I guess Patience doesn't need your magic to sustain it.

Finn:  Yeah, I feel drained like a dirty bathtub.

Jake, how are you feeling?

Ice Carroll:  This chicken soup does nothing to warm the coldness of my heart.

Finn:  ‐Are you serious?‐Just kidding!

Finn:  Man, there's got to be something we can do about Patience's spell.

You know, ancient magic was actually my major.

And there is one artifact

that could potentially help us --

a book called"The Enchiridion."

With that, I could formulate a counter‐spell, and--

Ice Carroll:  We can't help you there.We blew that thing up.

Finn:  Uh, actually,I might have grabbed another Enchiridion from Farmworld Dimension.

[Gasps]

Finn:  This biz is crazy powerful,though.

Ice Carroll:  Well, I'm a little crazy now,so I'm willing to try.

Finn:  ♪♪

[Laughs]

[Laughing maniacally]

[Laughing]

[Both laughing]

Finn:  Phew.

Ice King:  What?
